docs: add initial CHANGES.rst (#26)
mergecal/icalendar-anonymizer: CHANGES.rst

==========
Change log
==========

We use `Semantic Versioning <https://semver.org>`_.

Given a version number MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH, increment the:

- MAJOR version when you make incompatible API changes.
- MINOR version when you add functionality in a backward compatible manner.
- PATCH version when you make backward compatible bug fixes.

When adding entries:

- Add entries as bullet points under the appropriate category.

> - Use double backticks for code: ``function_name()``, ``file.py``, ``PROPERTY``.

Reviewer: This is almost correct.

```suggestion
- Use double backticks for `inline literals <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#rst-roles>`_, such as ``PROPERTY``.
- Use the `Python domain <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/domains/python.html>`_ to mark up Python modules, classes, methods, and other Python objects, such as  :py:func:`function_name`.
- Use the `:file:` directive for `files <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html#role-file>`_, such as :file:`file.py`.
```
